Good morning, my name is Vinay Rajaram Varekar.
おはようございます 、私の名前はVinay Rajaram Varekarです。

I am from System development department.
私はシステム開発部門です。

My mentor is Deepak San. He has helped me for all my queries regarding office and daily life.
私のメンターはDeepak氏です。彼は、オフィスと日常生活に関するすべての質問に対して私を助けてくれました。

I. Work report of 3 months:３ヵ月で学んだこと
First thing I learned are principles of success are written by Hiroshi Mikitani San.
私が最初に学んだのは、三木谷浩史さんによって書かれた成功の５原則です
Five principles of success:
1. Always Improve, Always Advance
2. Passionately Professional
3. Hypothesize → Practice → Validate → Shikumika
4. Maximize Customer Satisfaction
5. Speed!! Speed!! Speed!!

成功のコンセプト
1. 常に改善、常に前進
2. Professionalismの徹底
3. 仮説→実行→検証→仕組化
4. 顧客満足の最大化
5. スピード!!スピード!!スピード!!
2. Morning meeting held on every Monday morning helps to share information regarding all Rakuten businesses.
朝会、朝のミーティングは、世界中の楽天ビジネスで何が起こっているのかを知るのに役立ちます。

3. RAP also helps to get the information regarding everything happening in offices around the world.
RAPは、世界中のオフィスで起きているすべてのことに関する情報を得るのにも役立ちます.

4. We were assigned to tasks related to bank website to understand the flow of bank project.
我々は、銀行プロジェクトの流れを理解するため、銀行ウェブサイトに関連するタスクに割り当てられました。

5. Also, bank held morning meeting to share information related to bank internally. 
また、銀行 に 関する情報を内部的に共有するために朝会を開きます。

II. Introduction of Rakuten bank:楽天銀行について
1. Rakuten bank is an online internet bank.
楽天銀行はオンラインインターネットバンクです。

2. All its banking procedures of verification are handled through its website.
検証の銀行手続きはすべてウェブサイトを通じて処理されます。

3. Banking is supported through website and mobile app for Android and IOS.
銀行は、AndroidとIOSのウェブサイトとモバイルアプリを通じてサポートされています。

4. It offers various loans.
様々なローンを提供しています

5. We can play lottery from website and app.
ウェブサイトやアプリから宝くじを楽しむことができます。

III. University project:大学のインターンシッププロジェクトの紹介

1. Name of my university is Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute.
私の　大学　の　名前　は　Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute　です。

2. Project topic was Chatbot.
プロジェクトのテーマは チャットボット でした。

3. Prof. Dhore was my project guide.　He helped me with my project.
プロジェクト ガイド は Dhore きょうじゅ でした.　彼 は 私の プロジェクトで 私を 助けてくれました。

4. Software required for project were python and tensorflow.
必要なソフトウェアはpythonとtensorflowでした

5. Code was written in python and executed on tensorflow.
コードはPythonで書かれ、テンソルフローで実行されました。

6. Chatbot was based on the intents from the text.
チャットボット は、テキストからの インテントに 基づいていました。

7. The algorithms used was LSTM with RNN.
使用されたアルゴリズムは、RNNを伴うLSTMでした。

8. Algorithms helps to identify the intent of the user's text input.
アルゴリズムは、ユーザのテキスト入力のインテントを識別するのに役立ちます。

9. Based on the intent the bot gives the reply to the user.
インテントに基づいて、ボットはユーザーに返信します。

10. Accuracy of chatbot mainly depends on the quality and quantity of data.
チャットボット の 精度は、主にデータの質と量に依存します。








